docs: Update meta content - Getting started (#5214)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/getting-started/dev-mode/connect-to-dev-target.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Connect to your first target
description: >-

>   Use Boundary's dev mode to learn how to connect to targets and how to optionally use connect helpers, exec flag, SSH ProxyCommand, and Desktop Client.

Reviewer: You can omit saying "dev mode" since what's explained on this page is relevant with non-dev environments as well.

```suggestion
  Learn how to connect to targets using Boundary, and optionally use connect helpers, exec flag, SSH ProxyCommand, and Desktop Client features.
```
